do you think marriage is natural that's
a loaded question I think that marriage
can be natural absolutely people always
want to say is monogamy more natural is
polyamory being having multiple partners
at the same time or natural I also don't
like the example of well in the
hunter-gatherer days we did this and we
do that I'm like you weren't there yeah
men it's not gonna happen no no but this
is just women this isn't just men who
say this there's a girl I've met girls
that cheat on their boyfriends and
they're like well you know monogamy is
just not natural I'm like no you're just
be like you and so you're trying to say
oh it's not natural like no I'm sorry
you made a poor decision and hurt
someone's feelings like I don't want to
be like 30 or 40 alone where all the
pickings are slim no guys I want to be
married by the time I'm 30 okay number
one the wife trick this one is easy
when you meet a girl or are talking to
her all you need to do is jokingly say
that she's your wife doing this is
perfect because it sets you up with a
perfect way of teasing and flirting with
her you have a funny and light inside
joke that you can refer back to
throughout all of your interactions and
you can get away with being more flirty
and touchy by framing it as a joke and
making her feel more comfortable this is
a good way of framing and pacing the
interaction because it allows her to see
that you're a fun guy and not a weirdo
who's gonna kidnap her in your minivan
it allows her to open up and be more
comfortable with you throughout all of
your interactions you can even push this
further by making up ridiculous and
funny imaginary scenarios about how you
guys are gonna have like 10 kids and
name them all really funny names or how
you'll have a cottage together in the
South of France this is literally the
technique I've been using with
practically every new girl I talked to
and it's worked wonders for me so make
sure you try it out another good line I
like to use to open up conversations is
I bet I'm more interesting than your
phone 99% of the time a girl is on her
phone so this line applies almost always
and it's the perfect way to show your
confidence and godliness being honest
about your intentions and relationship
with a girl from
start our an easy way to build
attraction points with a girl and the
fact is when you're ballsy and confident
enough to be authentic with a girl it
builds instant respect for you and
attraction on the spot back in the day I
feel like just a few years ago if I had
a crush on someone I would be so
embarrassed yeah I it was like
embarrassing at the thought of them
knowing that I had a crush on them I was
like I can't speak to them they can't
know like and then I'm like almost like
this like mouse version of myself and I
can't speak what would you do now but I
would do now I would just slide into
those d-ends
literally I do not care if you don't
like me if you don't like me literally
we only care that you don't like us once
you've led us on a bus when you leave me
on and you've been at the ice you make
me think that you're in love with me and
then it's like that's what's hard but
like if I just slide into those DMS yeah
it's just a crushed guy's ear if they
don't respond or you know you say hi
they don't wave back whatever you write
back where you started and if you see a
cute guide you have a mutual friend
whether you're at a party literally just
go up wall and pretend like he's your
friend
I would say my best advice to myself
until you guys is to treat everyone like
they're your friend and then you can
actually be yourself right who gave you
that advice you did this is part of the
video where I try to say something other
than face palming and shouting at the
camera that this advice is unbelievably
awful to many of you that'll be
self-evident I also do not want to say
exactly the same thing again that I've
said before in response to the
relationship advice from both the
Honorable base deuce and the Honorable
Nina and Randa I've actually done
commentaries on both of them on this on
the stop before multiple times on this
channel in fact great great source
inspiration for me um you know one of
the late motifs that's come up again
again again I don't want to get into too
deeply here is this idea of using
sympathy as an analytical tool what if
your positions were reversed the genders
are different being a man approaching a
woman is different from being one
approach you man
but it's not that different okay homie
you can relate whether you're a man
watching this or a woman if a member of
the opposite sex walked up to you at a
party at a Sara Lee a party at a at a
work function and some kind of at the
library and just starts acting like
they're already your friend are you
gonna respond to that positively are you
gonna respond to that negatively are you
just gonna be you don't know me like
that back off
you don't know me like that why would
you respond positively and look in your
mind's eye if you were imagining this
being a fantastically attractive woman
um just think of like any appointee II
from the Bill Clinton administration
look you know what okay okay let's get
George Bush on this Condoleezza Rice if
Condoleezza Rice walks up on me in a
university library at work or at a
cocktail party and just starts talking
to me real familiar like that starts
following this advice if Condoleezza
Rice walks up to me at a public function
and start saying hey
you're my husband we're gonna have ten
kids together and we're gonna need one
of them ringo after ringo starr if she
actually walked up on me and started
playing game with this and be like who
are parking up the wrong tree right now
and my point is not the Condoleezza Rice
is ugly it's not that me obviously you
got a Google her back when she was in
her prime or something Condoleezza Rice
is like most people if you haven't
already fallen in love with her she's
not that attractive she's not gonna get
a starring role in a romantic comedy
she's not gonna be employed in a fancy
shoe commercial um you know however
there's nothing wrong with her you know
she's not you know horribly disabled or
obese or disfigured doesn't have a
contagious skin illness Condoleezza Rice
is also a highly intelligent highly
accomplished person I assume we have
nothing in common
politically but nevertheless there's a
lot to respect there if you met her in
some other situation and got to know her
you care about woman being a person
SOB's I can totally imagine falling in
love with Condoleezza Rice and once you
got some kind of connection and some
kind of mutual respect and you know
intellect to intellect communication of
course of course you'd find Condoleezza
Rice attractive she could be the love of
your life sure man there's nothing wrong
with her you get over it you would get
over it and that's what 99% of humanity
is doing 99% of the time you watching
this video are Condoleezza Rice in the
eyes of complete strangers who have not
yet fallen in love with you and you know
what if those people got to know you
weren't at a connection with you people
probably would find you attractive
but for the vast majority of us the last
period of time if there wasn't some
other kind of basis for a connection
you're not gonna make progress just
walking up to a complete stranger
and laying it on the line which is what
all these videos seem to you know try to
make their living telling you to do you
know shout out to Nina Aranda that
probably the most mature video I've ever
seen from them where they just
acknowledge the reality that open
relationships and polyamory exist and
they all they openly acknowledge the
reality that they're switching up their
game and just straight up sliding into
people's DMS laying it on the line
because they feel that big number the
number 30 getting closer and closer you
know I can respect you know the the
realness of that and it certainly is an
abrupt contrast to the total unreality
of this cartoon supervillain based Zeus
and I noticed he doesn't even really
have the courage to lie to you he tells
you he's been using this technique of
rolling up on women complete strangers
and telling complete strangers that he
wants to get married to them at have
kids with him great and there is not one
anecdote here about that backfiring he
doesn't even give you one anecdote of it
going well like step by step telling you
a story of how this turned out well and
yeah that is that is hard for me to
imagine it's hard for me to imagine with
the woman of substance it's hard for me
to imagine with a complete bimbo like
evening bimbos gonna respond what if you
walk up to a woman and say this you know
she's a conservative traditional
religious woman that is what she's
looking for what if you happen to use
those on someone who really wants who's
ready to settle down and have kids have
nine kids and named them after Ringo
Starr then too terrible idea at every
stage you know it's also it's also a
contrast he says repeatedly you should
be authentic and honest with people
about what you really want
well you what do you want you want to
get a complete stranger pregnant you
want to say what is this you can't be
authentic an artist and and open their
relationship with a lie and what and
what's the truth yeah there's a less
than 1% chance I'm gonna marry you all
right
look this is the other government I want
to make this video I think Nina and
Randa who are more than ever in this new
video keeping it real there are a few
other kind of telling moments in there
um but they're they're living lives in
Los Angeles that both most people can
never live and that most people
shouldn't aspire to live I think in the
21st century now more than ever people
need more advice from small towns from
the periphery because most of us most of
us do in effect live in a small town and
I'll tell you why
Nina Aranda they don't just live in Los
Angeles they live on Instagram and they
live in a situation where you know the
faceless masses of available men can at
any time be replaced
right now nevertheless they're
struggling they're still single they
want to get married by 30 bla bla bla
you know the rules your waking it still
isn't working for them but you know
living in the big city and living in
those circumstances the big city it
trains you to treat other human beings
as disposable and a lot of people who
just went to a big high school in a big
city come out of high school with that
attitude like Oh next semester there's
gonna be 30 new hot guys for me to
choose from a wrong you know then high
school ends and guess what even if you
got a new job every semester which is
very unlikely most likely you're stuck
in the same job forever and ever with
the same circle friends forever and ever
the 30 new guys at your work 29 of them
are married and you probably don't want
Steve the photocopy guy anyway you know
the one guy who isn't married your
office everybody everybody worth having
as being had yeah till I you know I
don't want to roll too many thoughts in
this video my girlfriend and I both
watched recently a documentary about
polyamory and was based in Portland
Oregon to mean you know if it were
described vaguely and poetically could
sound great and then you see it in HDMI
made-for-tv documentary
and you're like this is horrifying the
the devil is in the details and I don't
just mean that the people are ugly they
are I mean the psychological details you
know the neediness and the excuse making
and the self justification and
everything else it's it's sad and it's
sick and it's bad and it's wrong does
that mean monogamy is good no does that
mean monogamy is even an option for you
wherever you are watching this no it may
not even be for for Anita and Randa but
I mean I think in a lot of ways the
emergence of some of these other dating
and meeting and family making strategies
is people struggling with the reality of
being alone in a crowded society that
even if you live in a big city in 2019
first time mentioning the new year on
this channel you know it's most likely
that you do in effect live in a small
town of the number of people you have
any human connections with that you're
isolated with just a few dozen people
who ever say to you more than a sentence
more than the price of something when
you buy something at a at a grocery
store and those barriers you know the
barriers that divide strangers from
other strangers interestingly in the
21st century they seem to be more
insuperable than ever and I feel bad
some of the people who reach out to me a
complete stranger I'm in a totally
friendly Jen gesture but just now at the
train station tried to toast the New
Year with me and I reacted like he was
trying to mug me now what who you know
were you talking to him but a nice
couple of who were having a picnic on
the beach this is six months ago or
something you know we were in France
they had their kid on the beach we had
our kid in the beach and they invite us
over we're trying to chat with us that
happened twice same beach two different
couples and you know they're eating meat
and drinking alcohol and we have nothing
in common and there's no you know it's
hard it's are these are situations where
there's no possible romance involve
by the way none of these people were
trying to get laid with me that on the
surface as far as I know no so of course
when there's when there's when there's
romance involved it's it's harder and
look what none of these people want to
want to face up to in giving this kind
of advice is when you think about these
scenarios all of them only work only
seem appealing in the mind's eye if
you're imagining a situation where
secretly and implicitly each of the
parties desires the other right like so
this stranger at the office walks up on
you and uses this terrible line a better
more interesting than your phone [ __ ]
you Oh a little bit of soup just what do
you think I'm writing on my phone I
could be doing anything I'll be writing
my mom I could be you know whatever
making plans for a funeral I could be
doing something related to my research
and language study yeah I could have my
Chinese flashcard program oh but I'm
doing so much you have no idea it's such
terrible one unless I mean this is the
fantasy unless I'm like already secretly
in love with you or less like this
already been this boiling romance that
only now is coming to fruition with this
corny terrible line but it's still a
terrible way to start a relationship
yeah it's tough so look guys I mean you
know 21st century it's it's a new it's a
new medieval era and maybe you know what
the internet leads us back to is facing
up to the brutal reality that we're
isolated in our crowds in the city and
that we have to learn things from the
community building you know skill set
that to some extent people may have
struggling in isolation in small towns
in some cultures somewhere there's
somebody who is lying to teach you about
how to build a viable community a social
circle that really works a unit of
people larger than two you know I saw
that in places like Laos and Cambodia
and some other cultures have lived and
obviously I've seen situation was where
it really is the whole village that
raises a child or the whole tribe you
have intact tribal structures including
tribal authority in any paradise but
those those people have more
face-to-face friends in real life than I
have Facebook friends who are not my
friend
real life you know what I mean I've seen
those you keep working you know units a
social organization may not be your
family may not be your small town may
not be you where you're from but
probably it's it's a little bit toxic
for all of us that the people giving
advice the internet are people like Nina
Aranda who aren't just in the big city
part of the most privileged to either
experience the most warped by social
media in overcoming that isolation that
all of us are like it or not sterling
with
[Music]